Rephrase explanations (#262)
meilisearch/documentation: guides/main_concepts/documents.md

#### Wording

- **Document**: A document is an object which contains a list of fields in curly brackets.
- **[Field](/guides/main_concepts/documents.md#fields)**: A field, or a key-value pair, is a set of two data items linked together: an attribute and its corresponding data.
- **Attribute**: An attribute is the name of a field, like a key.
- **[Primary key](/guides/main_concepts/documents.md#primary-key)**: The attribute of the field which contains the unique identifier of the documents.
- **[Document id](/guides/main_concepts/documents.md#document-id)**: A document id is the value associated to the primary key attribute. Values in that field must always be **unique**.

#### Example

> Suppose you manage a database that contains information about movies. For an index that would collect movie descriptions, you would create the following attributes:`"id"`, `"title"`, `"description"` and `"type"`, and a field would look like as follows: `"title": "Kung fu Panda"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given an **index** that contains information about movies. There would be **documents** with the following **attributes**:`"id"`, `"title"`, `"description"` and `"type"`, a **field** is the association of an attribute and its **value**: `"title": "Kung fu Panda"`. Each document contains at least the **primary key** attribute : `id` with its associated value, the **document id**: `"id": "123456"`
```
